Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
The Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (BSIT) program is a four-year degree program which focuses  on the study of computer utilization and computer software to plan, install, customize,
operate, manage, administer and maintain information technology infrastructure. It likewise deals with the design and development of computer-based information systems for real-world business solutions.
The program prepares students to become IT professionals with primary competencies in the areas of systems analysis and design, applications development, database administration, network administration
and systems implementation and maintenance.
The program also requires a Capstone project. It should be in the form of an IT applications development as a business solution for an industry need.
Objectives of the Program
To introduce students to current technologies and tools while learning new methodologies that will lead to the development of better information systems.
To enable students to understand the different components of the information technology field, including hardware, software, communication, networking, research, peopleware and management skills.
To demonstrate awareness of how to methodically and practically approach a variety of technological and managerial issues to ultimately improve business strategies and attain competitive advantage.
To inculcate to students the essential virtues and attitudes, as well as develop necessary knowledge and competency levels required of an information technology professional.
To train students to systematically analyze and evaluate organizational systems and processes in order to recommend software solutions that properly address the organization's needs and goals.
Admission Requirements
Admission requirements for the BSIT programs are as follows:
Incoming Freshmen
Must have attained a high school general average not lower than 88%.
Must have a grade not lower than 85% for English, Math, and Science subjects taken in high school.
Passed the PUP College Entrance Test with a raw score not lower than 110 points (subject to changes depending on current University set qualification mark for PUPCET - either by percentile or raw score).
Passed the college screening.
Shiftees
Must have completed at least one (1) year residence in previous college with a GWA of 2.0 or higher and with no failing grade, incomplete, and/or withdrawn/dropped course.
Passed the college screening.
Filed a Shifting Form duly released, accepted and acknowledged by the releasing college, accepting college, and OUR respectively.
Acceptance of application for shifting to the program is subject to the availability of slots.
Transferees
Must have completed at least one (1) year residence in previous college/university with no failing grade, incomplete, and/or withdrawn/dropped course.
Passed the college screening.
Acceptance of application for transferees to the program is subject to the availability of slots.
Retention Requirements
CCIS shall implement the policies and guidelines on “SCHOLASTIC DELINQUENCY” found in Section 12 of the PUP Student Handbook.
